A warm and affectionate welcome to the youth who aspire to be a part of the Skill and Professional fraternity at Scope Global Skills University

Scope Global Skills University has been established vide an Act of Madhya Pradesh Assembly in January, 2023 with the objective of “Education with Skill” and aims at making youth of country ‘Skill Smart’. 

The University is committed to the principle of NEP 2020 in looks at education as a holistic mission. The curriculum offered are NSQF aligned based on the Industrial requirements and bring aspirational employment & entrepreneurship pathways to our youngsters. SGS University is accredited by the University Grants Commission (UGC) takes pride in its state-of-the-art facilities, including sprawled campus across 26 acres in Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh and the first Skilling based University of Central India.

SGS University under the ages of AISECT group with the 4 decades’ legacy of quality skill based education and is poised to become India’s leading institution committed to providing its students with a world-class skills relevant to the changing needs of the industry and society.

Our Vision for Scope Global Skills University revolves around the success and Fulfilment of our candidates. We are committed to providing you with a transformative educational experience that empowers you to become lifelong learners, adaptable professionals and responsible global citizen. 

We firmly believe in the power of collaborations and the synergies between Industry and academia. Our goal is to create a dynamic eco systems that fosters a seamless exchange of ideas, expertise and resources industry, sector skill councils and academic community. The programmes offered are designed by the Industries Subject Matter Experts to provide students with the practical skills and experience they need to succeed in their chosen field. SGS University’s Centre of excellence in collaboration with various industries will be offering Skills based training programs, mentoring, and networking opportunities to help students to turn their ideas into successful ventures. Our Faculty is made up of industry experts who bring a wealth of experience and will be providing students with high-quality education and guidance. 

Skill development leads to the ‘learn-to-earn’ concept and the same is very much required in our country where the raw material for industry is available but needs ‘Skilling’ for better quality and productivity.

The more we give importance to skill development, the more competent will be our youth